README.md, before:

# OpenComputers
## Purpose
The purpose of this repo is to simply host my code and projects for oprncomputers.

## What I have
### ServerFS
This is my wip conversion at converting an existing serverFS to us GERTi.

### NetworkRelay
This relays wireless messages over long distannces via linked cards. The 2 relay computers need a linked and wireless network card, 
the computer takes wireless messages, serializes the data, sends it over the linked card to the other which then broadcasts it over
the wireless card. 

wireless message <-> linked message <-> linked message <-> wireless message

### Address to file
This saves all components to a file, the other script inserts a specified component address into a specified script at the top.

### MineOS
This is where anything I made for MineOS is located. Currently just pictures.

### Security
This is a collection of my basic security scripts for the OpenSecurity addon to OpenComputers.

### Robot
This is a collectioin of any scripts for robots that I have made or will make.

### Brrr
Big Reactors Remote Reactor. This will hold the program to remote start and stop reactors.

### Cryption
This is my simple tool to encrypt and decrypt single files at a time.

### TrashZip
This is my simple 7zip knockoff for OpenComputers

## To do
Make Brrr
Update wiki

Commit message:

Added Door to the repo

README.md, after:

# OpenComputers
## Purpose
The purpose of this repo is to simply host my code and projects for oprncomputers.

## What I have
### ServerFS
This is my wip conversion at converting an existing serverFS to us GERTi.

### NetworkRelay
This relays wireless messages over long distannces via linked cards. The 2 relay computers need a linked and wireless network card, 
the computer takes wireless messages, serializes the data, sends it over the linked card to the other which then broadcasts it over
the wireless card. 

wireless message <-> linked message <-> linked message <-> wireless message

### Address to file
This saves all components to a file, the other script inserts a specified component address into a specified script at the top.

### MineOS
This is where anything I made for MineOS is located. Currently just pictures.

### Security
This is a collection of my basic security scripts for the OpenSecurity addon to OpenComputers.

### Robot
This is a collectioin of any scripts for robots that I have made or will make.

### Brrr
Big Reactors Remote Reactor. This will hold the program to remote start and stop reactors.

### Cryption
This is my simple tool to encrypt and decrypt single files at a time.

### TrashZip
This is my simple 7zip knockoff for OpenComputers

### Door
This is my program to open and close doors or any other redstone powered thing with the use of microcontrollers

## To do
Make Brrr
Update wiki
